# User Observations and issues to be resolved

 1. During ingestion, a summary is currently created. This must be retained but an additional brief synopsis should also be created. The synopsis and the summary should be available to edit and view in the article publication view. The publication view which has the curators comments, should display the synopsis, summary and the curators comments in editable mode and in view mode. The synopsis is to provide a brief overview of the article in the publication. The summary is to provide a more detailed summary of the article in the publication. The curators comments are to provide the curators thoughts on the article in the publication. The synopsis should be added to the api-client when the publication is requested by the xentara-client application.
 2. The language of the article summary and synopsis should be in the language that the curator selects for the hub from a drop down of languages. If no language is slected, the language should default to UK English. The first option available should be to present the article summary in the original language of the article. The language selection should be one of the hub settings.
 3. The youtube source type selector seems to behave inconsistently and does not always work as expected and sometimes retrieves video shorts that have no transcript. These shorts should be ignored. This should be investigated and resolved. Alternatively we can use the RSSHub type for article discovery and allow the user to simply add the @username in the field. In the backend, the system could use the RSSHub /youtube/user/@username to access the videos. This is likely a more consistent approach than the current youtube source type selector.
 4. The drop down list of sources at the top of the page in the hub/slug view should be ordered alphabetically. The right side panel showing the sources should also be ordered alphabetically. 
 5. The source card on the right should feature a button that, when clicked, will toggle the selection of that source in the feed stream. When selected the card should be highlighted to indicate that it is selected.
 6. When an article is viewed in the publication view, it should display the flavors that have been auto-selected. The user should be able to suppress or disable any of the auto created flavor associations with the article.
 7. It should be possible to create a source specific rule to include all articles or exclude all articles that meet certain criteria. This could be a black list or white list of keywords, a plain text description. When an article is detected that should be excluded, it should be added to the publication stream with a status of 'Auto-tagged for Purge'. The user can untag any article and execute the purge for the remainder. When an article is purged, it should be removed from the publication stream. However, the user should be able to review the purged articles and retrieve them at a later date if they so wish. 

